- Good morning, class.
("She's Sexy and Seventeen")
- Hey, man, I don't feel
like goin' to school no more.
- Me neither.
- They can't make me go.
- No you daddyo.
Yeah.
(upbeat rock music)
♪ I ain't goin' to school
it starts too early for me ♪
♪ Well listen man I ain't
goin' to school no more ♪
♪ It starts much, much too early for me ♪
♪ I don't care about readin',
writin', 'rithmetic or history ♪
♪ I'm gonna walk to the corner
and meet my little Marie ♪
♪ Well she's the only
girl in this whole world ♪
♪ Who understands me ♪
♪ Well she's sexy and seventeen ♪
♪ My little rock-roll queen ♪
♪ Acts a little bit obscene ♪
♪ Gotta let off a little steam ♪
♪ Dig that sound shake it
around you're mine, mine, mine ♪
♪ Johnny and Eddie and
me and Jimmy and Jack ♪
♪ Are gonna do a little
number on the teacher ♪
♪ When she turns her back ♪
♪ We're gonna cut out of class ♪
♪ Meet the girls by the railroad track ♪
♪ Well ev'ry Friday night there's
a band that you gotta hear ♪
♪ Just a dollar ticket in and
twenty-five cents a beer ♪
♪ They play rock and roll music like ♪
♪ It hasn't been rocked for years ♪
♪ Well she's sexy and seventeen ♪
♪ My little rock-roll queen ♪
♪ Acts a little bit obscene ♪
♪ Gotta let off a little steam ♪
♪ Dig that sound shake it
around you're mine, mine, mine ♪
♪ All mine ♪
♪ Oh come baby ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪
♪ Well when I hear that rockin' beat ♪
♪ I can't sit still up out of my seat ♪
♪ Come on babe let's
jump 'round your feet ♪
♪ Can't learn nothin' in school ♪
♪ They don't teach you on the street ♪
♪ Woo oh oh oh baby I like your style ♪
♪ Woo oh oh oh oh baby I like your style ♪
♪ You don't care what the other
kids say, you go real wild ♪
♪ Well you're sexy and seventeen ♪
♪ My little rock-roll queen ♪
♪ Acts a little bit obscene ♪
♪ Gotta let off a little steam ♪
♪ Dig that sound shake it
around you're mine, mine, mine ♪
♪ Dig that sound and shake it
(crowd cheering)